Text.Combine: Adding null-handling case (#111)
MicrosoftDocs/query-docs: query-languages/m/text-combine.md

  
## About

Returns the result of combining the list of text values, `texts`, into a single text value. Any `null` values present in `texts` are ignored.

> An optional separator used in the final combined text may be specified, `separator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `separator` used in the final combined text may be specified.
```

## Example 2

> Combine text values "Seattle" and "WA", separated by a comma and a space, ", ".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combine text values "Seattle" and "WA", separated by a comma and a space.
```

**Output**

`"Seattle, WA"`

## Example 3

> Combine values "Seattle", `null`, and "WA", separated by a comma and a space, ", ". (The `null` will be ignored.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combine the values "Seattle", `null`, and "WA", separated by a comma and a space. (Note that the `null` is ignored.)
```
